clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_ACK[0]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_ACK[1]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_ACK[2]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_AS* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_BG* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_BR* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_CLK = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_DP = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[00] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[01] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[02] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[03] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[04] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[05] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[06] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[07] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[08] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[09] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[10] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[11] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[12] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[13] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[14] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[15] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[16] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[17] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[18] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[19] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[20] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[21] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[22] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[23] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[24] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[25] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[26] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[27] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[28] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[29] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[30] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_D[31] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_EER* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_INT[1]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_INT[2]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_INT[3]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_INT[4]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_INT[5]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_INT[6]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_INT[7]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[00] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[01] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[02] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[03] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[04] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[05] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[06] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[07] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[08] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[09] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[10] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[11] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[12] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[13] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[14] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[15] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[16] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[17] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[18] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[19] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[20] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[21] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[22] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[23] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[24] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[25] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[26] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PA[27] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_PPRD = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_RST* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_SEL* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_SIZ[0] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_SIZ[1] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_3V3_SIZ[2] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_ACK[0]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_ACK[1]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_ACK[2]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_AS* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_BG* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_BR* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_CLK = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_DP = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[00] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[01] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[02] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[03] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[04] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[05] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[06] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[07] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[08] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[09] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[10] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[11] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[12] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[13] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[14] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[15] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[16] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[17] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[18] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[19] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[20] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[21] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[22] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[23] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[24] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[25] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[26] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[27] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[28] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[29] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[30] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_D[31] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_EER* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_INT[1]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_INT[2]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_INT[3]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_INT[4]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_INT[5]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_INT[6]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_INT[7]* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[00] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[01] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[02] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[03] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[04] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[05] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[06] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[07] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[08] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[09] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[10] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[11] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[12] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[13] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[14] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[15] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[16] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[17] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[18] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[19] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[20] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[21] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[22] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[23] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[24] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[25] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[26] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PA[27] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_PPRD = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_RST* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_SEL* = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_SIZ[0] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_SIZ[1] = filter length sum stack
clear tracks copy getnetname SBUS_5V_SIZ[2] = filter length sum stack
